README.md, before:



## libinter<br/>Interpolation methods library

The libinter library is dedicated to interpolation methods. The provided interpolation methods have different orders to provide schemes that can fit a large spectrum of situations and constraints.

### Documentation

Find more documentation on the [wiki](https://github.com/FoxelSA/libinter/wiki).


### Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013-2014 FOXEL SA - [http://foxel.ch](http://foxel.ch)<br />
This program is part of the FOXEL project <[http://foxel.ch](http://foxel.ch)>.

Please read the [COPYRIGHT.md](COPYRIGHT.md) file for more information.


### License

This program is licensed under the terms of the
[GNU Affero General Public License v3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl.html)
(GNU AGPL), with two additional terms. The content is licensed under the terms
of the
[Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)
(CC BY-SA) license.

You must read <[http://foxel.ch/license](http://foxel.ch/license)> for more
information about our Licensing terms and our Usage and Attribution guidelines.

Commit message:

README update and doxygen main page adaptation

README.md, after:



## libinter<br/>Interpolation methods library

The libinter library is dedicated to interpolation methods. The provided interpolation methods have different orders to provide schemes that can fit a large spectrum of situations and constraints.

### Documentation

A detailed documentation can be generated through doxygen. A more general documentation can be consulted on the [wiki](https://github.com/FoxelSA/libinter/wiki).

### Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013-2014 FOXEL SA - [http://foxel.ch](http://foxel.ch)<br />
This program is part of the FOXEL project <[http://foxel.ch](http://foxel.ch)>.

Please read the [COPYRIGHT.md](COPYRIGHT.md) file for more information.


### License

This program is licensed under the terms of the
[GNU Affero General Public License v3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl.html)
(GNU AGPL), with two additional terms. The content is licensed under the terms
of the
[Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)
(CC BY-SA) license.

You must read <[http://foxel.ch/license](http://foxel.ch/license)> for more
information about our Licensing terms and our Usage and Attribution guidelines.
